* Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?
  * The goal of this project was to create an inventory management app that supported different user accounts and allowed the user to save their inventory data using a database. The app requires access to SMS messaging. 
* What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?
  * The first necssary screen is the user login screen. This allows users to log in or sign up for an account on the app. The next screen the user sees is determined by the contents of the inventory database. If the user's database is empty, the app goes immediately to the "add item" screen. If the database is not empty, the user sees the contents of the database. The final screen is the SMS access request. After the user logs in or signs up, they will be asked to give permission for the app to access SMS messaging. 
* How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?
  * Planning played an important role in the development of this app. I planned out the screens that I knew that I would need and built the layout first. Afterwards, I began implementing the database and user login/sign up feature. It was then that I realized that I should make a stand alone screen that allows the user to add an item. I then began another planning phase on the implementation of that page and its features before I wrote any code for it. After I determined what I wanted it to look like and how it should function I implemented it. I followed suit with the other features of the app with the exception of the SMS request page. I ran out of time before imlementing it.
* How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?
  * I ran my code after almost every change that I made to ensure that the app functioned properly. I also used the IDE's error checking feature to make sure there were no syntax errors. This process is important because it allows the developer to narrow down problem sections without having to spend an excess amount of time trying to determine the source of the error. 
* Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?
  * When developing the page that displays the user's inventory, I had a hard time understanding how to display the database information. I watched several tutorials and read several how-tos on how to implement that correctly. 
* In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?
  * The app as a whole, from a functionality perspective, showed that I was able to solve a problem, whether or not I knew exactly how to solve it in the beginning. The implementation of the simple login screen worked exactly as I had planned. The biggest opportunity was the visual appeal of the app. The theming and colors are not very appealing. 
